# 20241101 srcmgr meeting

Attendees: markj, jhb, emaste, imp

Agenda:
- Warner is still working on the asciidoc conversion of the charter
- Mark started drafting a bug triage guide to use as a reference during bugbusting sessions
- No progress on a vote timeout policy
  - This is low priority for now
- Plan to solicit volunteers to write src development tools
  - We have some ideas, to be fleshed out on a wiki page and proposed to developers@
    - a dashboard showing how "stale" contrib components are, which ones have many open bugs, etc.
    - MFC tracker which looks for dangling "Fixes:" tags
    - finish imp's GH pull request landing tool (needs better error handling and documentation)
  - Interested volunteers can join the regular srcmgr calls to discuss ideas and get feedback
- When will we finalize the deprecation schedule for 15?
  - releng/15.0 is expected to branch late 2025
  - We will commit to a removal schedule by June 2025 at BSDCan
  - i386 and 32-bit powerpc would be disconnected from the build immediately after the branch
  - We still have armv7 to help catch 32-bit build issues, but maintenance of removed archs is challenging (c.f., mips)
  - bugzilla PR 280932 asks us to keep 32-bit powerpc
    - past surveys show very little use
    - we do not run any regression tests for 32-bit powerpc
    - the booke pmap is a maintenance burden
    - jhb will follow up
    - we are not committed to removing i386/powerpc32 yet, but so far do not see much activity to keep them
- Switching to git-style commit trailers, "Reviewed-by:" etc.
  - imp says it makes git tooling much easier to write
  - many projects are following this standard these days, contributors submit patches using it, it's easier for them to remember
  - we've already informally agreed to start migrating, there is already a mix of styles in the tree
  - git-arc needs a small update, pretty easy but needs time to propagate
  - git hooks are mostly ready (e.g., for "Approved-by")
  - imp discovered that "Differential-Revision:" does not work, not sure what to do there
  - MFC tracking tooling has long since been updated (thanks kevans)
  - we should coordinate with core@ and portmgr to see if they want to adopt the new convensions
  - Ed notes that our formatting for Fixes: is not consistent
- bapt is setting up a forgejo instance

Todo:
- John to follow up on bugzilla PR 280932
- Warner to finish the charter conversion to asciidoc
- Mark to finalize the bug triage guide
- Mark to draft an email to developers@ soliciting volunteers to work on tools
